as the doors open for dinner customers
are offered the regular menu in the
dining room or the special barbecue menu
served on the patio at any time you can
just go up and start serving yourself
roasted corn with chili lime butter the
colors and the smells everything was
vibrant and exciting so good it's pretty
phenomenal really good walk Fiona
oversees the barbecue which is already
generating excitement
I need shrimp defrosting right now head
chef Daniel and the kitchen staff are
unfortunately stuck in their same old
habits what in the [ __ ] is that
cups and bags cups and bags I thought
the only thing went in bags with bodies
I hate those bags Oh girls so where's
the fresh oyster tonight we're using the
same right that we made yesterday
[ __ ] it now I'm extremely frustrated I
wanted to make fresh beans and rice
today it was not the decision dr. Morris
wanted me on that doctor's orders
use the old rice in the bag I'm sorry in
spite of the frequent use of the
microwave guys it's been 20 minutes on a
order of Rudy shrimp we're just waiting
for it the kitchen struggles to get food
out to their customers I could have
grown a beard by the time bring my milk
in a dining room the the atmosphere was
a little like down when the food kept
taking so long people just weren't
generally happy whereas when I poked my
head outside to patio people were
laughing they were
fun it was so much like two different
restaurants tonight great these look how
popular Bobby's becoming right and
that's smell mmm nice makes you feel
like you're back in Jamaica don't you
make it too depressing after what seemed
like an eternity customers in the dining
room are finally receiving their food
[Music]
but it doesn't appear to be worth the
wait
what's wrong with that they said it's
too dry oh just go now
Daniel what cheese want to try something
else she's recommending a barbecue
we got funny peaches somehow they're
quickly drying over cut is that still
this is that the frozen stuff yes it's a
frozen stuff it's rubbery she's
absolutely right
thoroughly frustrated Chef Ramsay jumps
into action and puts together an entree
of barbecue salmon let's hope she enjoys
humbly we serving barbecue food in the
dining room
Ramsey plated it for you
please smile it's barbecue and the bus
our hair is wonderful girls give you
good change is not easy you know but I
was really impressed to me how many
people enjoy the barbecue tonight so I'm
willing to allow him to tell me how I
can make it better for Jamaica to vino
you